<h1 >SUM</h1>
<p><b>SUM</b> is a mod for Minecraft: Java Edition that adds a variety of things to the game that are not related to a single theme, but are tightly integrated with vanilla as if they were part of it. In fact, this mod is my diploma project for studying programming and working with GIT. The key feature of the mod is that it is like a hodgepodge, it contains a variety of things, but does it as concisely as possible and integrates them with vanilla. You will not see a separate tab in creative, instead, all things are in vanilla tabs according to the vanilla classification. For all things, the issuance of recipes is configured as in vanilla, you do not have to use REI/EMI, or go through combinations of ingredients, when you get new materials, the corresponding recipes will be automatically given to you in the vanilla recipe book. The same with achievements, new achievements will be in vanilla tabs. But there is a nuance, due to tight integration, some vanilla recipes and achievements have been changed. They will work as before, with the same ingredients, but from a technical standpoint this may cause compatibility issues with third-party datapacks or mods that change vanilla recipes.</p>
<h2>Updates and Usage Policy</h2>
<p>The mod will be updated only for the latest stable version of the game, I want to keep the mod up to date with the game, so when a new version of the game is released, the mod will be updated for it irrevocably. This will allow me as a developer and a player to be aware of changes in the game and Fabric, as well as protect you from potential security issues.</p>
<p>Regarding permissions or prohibitions for use, just stick to moral standards. If you add my mod to your modpack or post it on a third-party resource, provide a link to the official mod page and do not try to impersonate the author. Want to help with ideas or textures? Just visit issues.</p>
<h2>Platform and information</h2>
<p>This mod is developed using Fabric only, there are no plans to port the mod to Forge/NeoForge/Quilt, however, I do not forbid you to make your own fork of the mod for Forge/NeoForge/Quilt, the main thing is not to forget to mention it. The reasons? It's simple, Forge and NeoForge are quite heavy, and my PC will not allow me to comfortably develop the mod, and Quilt in my opinion is still not very popular and its future is unclear. If you are interested in other information, the mod has its own wiki, and if you did not find what you were looking for, visit issues.</p>
